---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---

The Benfield Brass Band is a non-profit volunteer organization which performs a number of concerts annually in the Annapolis/Baltimore area, as well as at the annual Gettysburg Brass Band Festival held in June each year in Gettysburg, PA. Many of the band members play together in other local instrumental groups, and the band has several family members playing. The band comes together in the fall and plays through midsummer.
The band was formed in 1998 to attend the first Gettysburg Brass Band Festival and we have performed there nearly every year since. The main purpose of the band is to provide the opportunity for brass players in the area to experience playing in a British Style brass band. Over the years the band has gradually grown in size and skill. The band has reached a size pretty close to the limit, but we continue to improve the quality of our playing. BBB is not a contesting band which allows us to grow our membership beyond the typical contesting sized British band.
Paul Dembowski joined the Benfield Brass Band as music director in the Spring of 2023. He is currently the Studio 39 Assistant Principal and Business Manager for the Anne Arundel County Public Schools Apex Arts Magnet program where he supports instructional and operational aspects of the program of choice serving over 400 students throughout the county.
He is also the conductor of the Anne Arundel Community College Concert Band in Arnold, MD where he serves as the music director for the ensemble comprised of students, educators, professional and accomplished amateur musicians from throughout the Washington, DC and Baltimore metro areas. Under his direction, the band has grown from approximately 35 members to approximately 75 members and performs three to four concerts per year. The band was selected by audition to perform for the 2017 and 2024 Maryland Music Educators Association Annual Conferences.

Mr. Dembowski received a Bachelor of Music Education from Longwood College and a Master of Music with a concentration in wind conducting from James Madison University. He also holds a certificate in studio production from the Berklee College of Music and has taught courses on that subject at Towson University. He also completed a graduate certificate in Educational Leadership from Towson.

Mr. Dembowski has performed with a number of orchestras and wind ensembles including the Roanoke Symphony, Waynesboro Symphony, Prince George's Philharmonic, McLean Symphony, Capital Wind Symphony, and National Concert Band of America. He is in demand as a clinician, guest conductor and adjudicator for numerous marching and concert band events throughout Maryland and Virginia. He currently serves as the principal tuba of the Londontowne Symphony Orchestra in Annapolis, Maryland.